README.md, before:

# Obsidian FVP Plugin

This is a plugin for Obsidian providing utils for working with FVP system of Mark Forster. For more see http://markforster.squarespace.com/blog/2021/11/16/the-final-version-perfected-fvp-instructions-reposted.html

## Installation

1. Install the plugin [Obsidian42/BRAT](https://github.com/TfTHacker/obsidian42-brat)
2. Inside BRAT plugin's settings, enable this plugin by the github URL: `https://github.com/Platonn/obsidian-fvp` (note: it may take a while until it's installed; then you might need to additionally enable this plugin in to _Community Plugins_ section of Obsidian's settings)

## Assumptions

-   every task is a bullet point
-   pre-selected tasks are checkboxes
-   done tasks are completed checkboxes

## Features

-   [x] reset preselection of all tasks (i.e. turn every empty checkbox into a bullet point; filled checkboxes remain untouched)
-   [x] move task to end
-   [ ] move task to end and remove preselection
-   [ ] move all preselected tasks to end in reversed order and reset their preselection

## Best experienced when used with Plugins

-   [Scroll to top](https://github.com/cloudhao1999/obsidian-scroll-to-top-plugin)
-   [Archiver](https://github.com/ivan-lednev/obsidian-task-archiver)

Commit message:

feat(command): Move all preselected tasks to end. Remove preselection for all but the first one. Reverse them.

README.md, after:

# Obsidian FVP Plugin

This is a plugin for Obsidian providing utils for working with FVP system of Mark Forster. For more see http://markforster.squarespace.com/blog/2021/11/16/the-final-version-perfected-fvp-instructions-reposted.html

## Installation

1. Install the plugin [Obsidian42/BRAT](https://github.com/TfTHacker/obsidian42-brat)
2. Inside BRAT plugin's settings, enable this plugin by the github URL: `https://github.com/Platonn/obsidian-fvp` (note: it may take a while until it's installed; then you might need to additionally enable this plugin in to _Community Plugins_ section of Obsidian's settings)

## Assumptions

-   every task is a bullet point
-   pre-selected tasks are checkboxes
-   done tasks are completed checkboxes

## Features

-   [x] reset preselection of all tasks (i.e. turn every empty checkbox into a bullet point; filled checkboxes remain untouched)
-   [x] move task to end
-   [x] move all preselected tasks to end, remove preselection for all but the first one, reverse them

## Best experienced when used with Plugins

-   [Scroll to top](https://github.com/cloudhao1999/obsidian-scroll-to-top-plugin)
-   [Archiver](https://github.com/ivan-lednev/obsidian-task-archiver)
